OK let's look at the last one which is our unmatched face so inside of our unmanned phase all it happens
is component will unmanned gets called.
This is where we want to do anything before react strips that component off of our Don.
So for example we in our app G.S. decide whether or not to show our life cycles component based on whether
or not show child is true or false.
Right on our app J.S. state
if set state gets called and this property changes react renders and then it realizes that it no longer
needs to render our life cycle component because for example this is now false.
It doesn't what we want to show it anymore.
React well then start going through the unmanned phase for the lifecycle component because our life
cycle component is on the page right now it's there it's mounted right.
So when we toggle it and react goes through its lifecycle method where it where it checks and it calls
its render inside of our app component and it sees that oh I'm not rendering this anymore then reacts
like OK let's go into this component we're no longer mounting and let's call component will on Mount
in case there's anything it needs to do before I remove it from the Dom.
Right.
And that's what we'll see when we click toggle.
We see that component will unmanned gets called and then it gets removed.
And then we toggle it back it goes through the usual mount phase because it's re mounting so it's putting
it back the whole cycle starts all over again.
But in this UN mount this is where we want to clean up our component if there's anything regarding our
component that might need some tidying up.
And this usually has to do with if we want to remove anything that might be a memory leak which just
means that there's some leftover code that the computer doesn't need to be aware of that the garbage
collection can't access which just uses up excess memory inside of our browser that it doesn't need
to.
We won't really explore this part until later when we actually look at Firebase.
But for now just know that this is a lifecycle method that we do have access to when react goes through
its render phase and realizes oh whatever is already here I don't need anymore let me on mountain then
component will unmanned gets called and this is the last like life cycle method because once our component
is off the page there's nothing else it doesn't exist as far as the DOM is concerned anymore.
So this is probably the easiest one to understand right.
But how we're going to use all of these lifecycle methods in our reactive element will be fundamental
in understanding how to best structure our code.
I know this was definitely a lot of theoretical stuff but it's very important for us to understand all
of this before we move forward.
So thank you for our patients and let's continue with the course.